No,
no,
my body doesn't feel uncomfortable at all
If you're not uncomfortable, why get checked?
Miss Li, these are the health check items
that you and Mr. Zhang need to complete
Aren't we getting married soon?
Shouldn't we arrange a premarital health check?
Xiao Yuan, I don't want to do it
What, unwilling?
No, no, I’m willing
You don't even want to
do a premarital health check with me?
Then I should consider whether
I want to marry you
It's not that I'm unwilling
I just don't think
it's necessary to check so much
What do you think this is?
There's even a psychiatric evaluation
That's too much
I feel perfectly normal
It's just a routine check
Wen Xu, if you're so scared
Could it be...
How could it be?
Alright, Wen Xu
Just do it for me
for the baby
Let's do a health check, okay?
Alright
Doctor,
check this hand
Check it thoroughly
If there's any misdiagnosis
You don't need to be a doctor anymore, got it?
I'll go over there first
See you later